Upgrades!
Base Boards
Raw Prototype - Cardboard
Prototype - MDF
Final product - wood

Accessories
Prototype - MDF
Prototype - Ultimaker
Painted everything
Final Product
Trees 
Ghost
Princes
House

Outlook
Raw Prototype - Cardboard
Prototype - MDF
Final product - wood
We printed 5 long road boards and 32 short road boards to be used in the 2 game modes and painted them to Justice's favorite color, pink

3D design pictures
tinkercad designs
Princess
Trees
Ghost
Unicorn
Road circles 
Bases
Roads
We glued the circles under the roads so they can stuck in the base board

Reflection
We finally finished our final product! Throughout the process, there were many challenges but gladly we've managed to solve them all.
The biggest challenges we had was directly involved in the process of 3D printing. In the designing phases, we found that some of the figures we've designed can not be opened in the Tinkercad so we had to start over. After we use the Ultimaker to print out our accessories, we found them lacks the details that we seek so we had to discard some of them and use the Preform printer.  Another challenge was using Carvey, one of our board was not engraved properly, since the board was already removed from the machine, it's hard for us to track back the board in the position and it was difficult to precisely made the holes bigger. So Michael had to manually use the sanding tool to enlarge the holes in our board.
There are a few modifications in our final product. As stated in our previous reflection,  we've decided to upgrade the entire outlook of our product. We used the thicker wood, changed the figure from 2D models to 3D ones, paint all the components. Besides the upgrade of the outlook, we also made some changes in the game. We added the "Exploratory mode" for the kid and we wrote a well-detailed instruction book as a general guideline to play.
We also designed an award system, which aware Justice with stickers every time she complete a task. We used the vinyl cutter to cut the stickers.




