components of the artifacts dissected

empty diet coke can

scissor & tape

Prototype

decoration:
 cat ears

Final product

piece from the box

useless box

Plan: since last time we were discussing getting a phone holder, I was thinking I would really need a phone holder. I like to use my phones to watch videos while eating, and I often make video chats with my friends and families. Holding a phone all the time is too tiring so I would need a phone holder.

Aluminum Can

Shape

Before watching the video, I did not understand why the engineers choose to build cans in cylinder shapes, it never really occurred to me that the small can has so much magical, amazing design philosophies inside!

Why not use ball-shaped for building cans?
It has the smallest amount of material of building a container, the distance of pressure reaching the inner surface are the same.
But it can’t stand on the table. Also, when packing together, there will be a large amount of space can’t be use for packing because its shape: 26% of the packing space will be wasted.
Why not use the cuboid shape if the ball-shape container is not stable enough to stand?
Because it is hard to hold and drink from due to its edges.
So the engineers has found a way to make a combination of the advantageous elements: To create a cylinder.
So from the top the can looks like a sphere and from the side it looks like a cuboid. The storage of the cylinder can take up 91% use of the place when packing.
The body & The Neck of the can

It begins with the disk, a cylinder punches through the disk and created the rudimentary height for the can. Each time the punch works the height of the cylinder increases as the thinness of the can decreases. The punch continues to work until the can is finally has the desired height and thinness

The straight-wall can is being push inward,  I was amazed by the complex steps to make: there will be 11 stages until the final desired shape is reached.

The dome at the button

The button is domed to save the material for creating the can and it allows the can to stand more pressure from the outside.  Since I bought lots of diet coke to drink, so I've curious about the number stamped on the button, but now I know that it represents something. The left number is the production line, the right number is the body maker number, they help troubleshoot production problems.

Decoration

The outside decoration of the can is colorful and easy to notice, but I didn't know there was a inner layer: There is a layer called epoxy lacquer prevents the drinks to have a metallic taste and the acids in the beverage from sabotaging the aluminium

Tabs

I did not realized that tab itself has its own history and has such brilliant design. The can did not have cans before, people needed a special opener to crack it and drink from. The tab then was developed in the 1960s, but the tab needs to be removed entirely from the can. And the tab has sharp edges that could easily hurt other people. So the stay-on tab was invented.

Fun fact

1,5000 cans are being produced worldwide every second

Summary

The video really gave me a strong insight into the components, designs and techniques of building the can. It was extremely appealing and  one of the best videos I've seen. As for how I made the can stable, I did two things: first, I used superglue to make sure the upper part does not fall off from the can. Then I realised that the empty can is too light to stand on the table, so I went downstairs and collect some sand to make it heavier to hold the phone. But it is not as stable as I expected, sometimes when the phone is on the box, the entire holder would fall. To add more stability, I would add another can, and use the two cans on both sides as pillars instead of in the middle of the box. Another improvement I would make is to add a little bar to the front of the box to keep the phone sliding off from the box.


