Fitbit Shoes

Plan: I scoured my apartment for things I did not need anymore and found various objects that can be found on the right. I wasn't sure how they could fit together for a new object, but after some brainstorming I though about how a Fitbit counts steps and shoes are for stepping! I also took the computer chip from the broken cell phone as a way to collect data from the the phone. I used the glove to plug a hole in one of the shoes. It should be noted, as the video indicates, that this is a prototype for an idea. I do not yet know how to connect the AA battery to a Fitbit or to the phone processing chip. However this prototype is meant to be conceptual.

Reflection:
I had initially hit a wall on this project. I have always done a very good job at recycling things I don't need for the most part, often using old clothes as rags, or dropping them in recycling containers in the city. Similarly I have disposed of electronics in the same way.

However, I did manage to find a few things I haven't gotten a chance to recycle properly because of COVID. Where I struggled was with coming up with the idea for a repurpose. Often when I want to build something, I start with the idea and start thinking about what materials I would need to get it done, but in this case I had to take the opposite approach. 

I like to make connections between things and I made a connection between the old Fitbit I had and my torn apart shoes. I am a bit of a futurist and I realized I could do something fun with the shoe and attach electronics to it. I had the batteries to power it, wires from the light bulb base, and the Fitbit and phone processing chip. I had used the cloth from my glove (lost the other one) to patch up the hole in the left shoe.

Jackson notes, that we do not like to think what happens after we are done with a product. This project has pushed me to think about what happens when I send things I no longer need to recycling. It is well known that many items that are left to be recycled, are not actually recycled and much of the material is wasted. Repair and repurposing allows us rethink how we recycle and to not just get rid of objects, but to constantly recreate with what we have. We produce too many "things" in this world and it continues to clutter our environment.

Shoe
Glove
Tape
Lamp base
Shoe laces
Fitbit band and monitor
AA Batteries
Cell phone cover, computer chip, battery, and back