Tool
Vacuum forming machine

Technique
Experimentation with objects found in the lab and mixed materials for casting.

Description
We experimented with different "templates" using materials found in the lab: tools (pliers and combination wrenches), pebbles and stones. Then, for casting, we experimented using one or more materials combined.

Images
We used stones to form tiny molds that we could experiment with. We also found out that the molds turn out best with rounded objects instead of pointy and sharp objects which is one limitation of vacuum forming molds.

Started casting with epoxy resin and then to add more character to our shapes we decided to embed it with stones to see if we can make decorative items or potentially use these resins to give a protective layer to delicate items for display or aesthetics.

After the resin was a little dry we poured the plastic casting material over it to see how that interacts with the epoxy resin.

Interesting discovery: As we started vacuum forming we accidentally left it on for longer and as the plastic melted and began to lose its shape, we used our hands (please use a glove, it was very hot) to see if we could form different shapes with it and ended up with this. Reminded us of pottery class.

Textured soaps: Casting using soap and food color. Instead of mixing the food color in the liquid soap mixture and then pouring it over the molds we used the dropper to randomly add drops of color after pouring the soap mixture. As it cooled down, it gave the soap a galaxy/ marble like appearance.

Placard

Instructions
Below are the techniques you can use to recreate those items in the lab:
Techniques
The first step in casting with the vacuum forming machine is to define what object(s) you want to use as template. The item is placed on the metal mesh that serves as a base in the internal part of the machine.

But, before fixing the template on the mesh, make sure  you have placed the plastic sheet between the two movable frames. These two frames are lifted towards the upper part of the machine, from where a stream of hot air flows.

The first step in casting with the vacuum forming machine is to define what object(s) you want to use as template. The item is placed on the metal mesh that serves as a base in the internal part of the machine.

But, before fixing the template on the mesh, make sure  you have placed the plastic sheet between the two movable frames. These two frames are lifted towards the upper part of the machine, from where a stream of hot air flows.

The idea behind vacuum forming is a two-step process:
first, the plastic is exposed to very high temperature. With that, it becomes more malleable. In the picture to the right, you see what happens to a flat sheet of plastic after a few minutes under that temperature;
then, when the plastic is malleable enough, but still relatively flat, you can release the press. With that movement, the press physically pushes a button that triggers a vacuum that sucks the air below the template. Since the plastic is malleable, it takes the shape of the template

One of the templates that we explored had combination wrenches of different sizes. We momentarily reflected on the nature of material and how this affects the meaning we attribute to them. The reason we like this reflection is that vacuum forming and casting affords the reproduction of the outer surface of materials, sometimes without any of their functionalities. It feels almost like taking a 3D picture of an object, although it is not exactly a 3D reproduction.

Another interesting technique that we tried involved mixing plastic with resin and with soap. The materials in the lab allow you to "create" plastic and resin using ready-made solutions. It is a pretty straight forward process that you do with a beaker. After you mix the solution, you fill the template with it and wait until it is dry (be aware that plastic gets dry in only a few minutes).

After the casting material is dry, you might need to clip off part of the material that occasionally overflows. This illustrates another interesting aspect of working with vacuum forming and casting: your template does not necessarily come from a file that you can edit and control at the level of millimeters, and adjustments usually have to be made with your hands once you have your item made.

Image Instructions

the 2 frames that hold the plastic sheet
the metal mesh and the template

Plastic sheet over exposed to high temperature
Hot plastic is sucked by the vacuum and takes the shape of the template

These are soap wrenches. Don't try to tighten a fastener with those ;-)

Preparing resin with the mixture and a beaker

Filing the template with resin and plastic

