the dissected artifact naming with components, categories of the components and materials

Plan:  Because I am traveling out of town, and living in a new apartment. I did not have much materials to repurpose. So I found this pillow packaging bag made in non woven pp.I wanted to create something that will be useful in the future. Then I used a cardboard from a hair dryer packaging box, combined them together to create my organizer.
Process: I glued the cardboard with the fabric to be the bottom. Then I used the zipper to create the decoration of a bow. Lastly I added the clear label holder to the organizer.

cardboard of hair dryer: made of fibers from trees and plants

early prototype

decoration design

final product: desktop organizer

Reflection:
To be honest, I was really struggle when reading the assignment prompt, because I did not have too much talent on hands-on and DIY abilities before. My mom once told me that in her generation, people always want to find a way to repair things when things are broken, but I always want to get rid of the broken things and buy a new one. It is correct, doing handicrafts has always been challenging for me and I am here to practice. Jackson’s Rethinking Repair inspired me of the importance of breaking and repair, it is a routine, a normal and inevitable feature of technology’s course in the world. Jason says that things are made, and things fall apart. It is a nature process of thinks breaking down, and new things are made. Having more experiences of maintenance and repairing, we can practice the sense of creativity and innovation to generate new technologies.

The author stated that “attention to maintenance and repair may help to redirect our
gaze from moments of production to moments of sustainability.” I have always been putting my sight on the current situation and future design, but after breaking down and repurposing something on my own, I recognize the importance of sustainable feature of each artifact that is no longer useful.



