Design and prototype
3d modeling
Laser cutting
I used gravit to do the 2d design of the house and laser cut it. I also learnt to build bunny and bear in TinkerCad and 3d printed it.
For the next step, I'll be more creative by not just learning from other people's design, but making something very unique to Meggie
User testing
Suggestions for improvements - After seeing her play, she gave some suggestions for improvements. First is to add more colors, or customize colors. Second is to make the structure stronger, and the third is to have more ways of playing it.

Play - I visited Meggie on Tuesday afternoon, and showed Meggie the prototype. She was surprised first seeing it, and tried to put the pieces together. She got frustrated as the material was fragile, and she was unable to build it. (I would use MDF, and make it stronger and easier to assemble). It was surprising that she didn't want to build, but want something that has already built. I asked whether she would like the process of assembling and disassembling, and she said if the process was not so frustrating, she would like it. Another thing is that, there is not much thing to play around the house. There were only two rooms and limited number of furnitures, so she was tired of playing it after a while.

Next steps
Sculpting and printing dolls
I will sculpt and print dolls and I found some online tutorials about how to make bjd dolls. Meggi loves dolls a lot, so I think this will be the first thing listed on my design plan.

Refining the house and furnitures and paint them or attach fabric
One thing that Meggie got really disappointed about the prototype was its color. She said "I don't want something brown". Her favorite colors are pale pink, red, and turqoise, so I will use fabric and paints to decorate the final product.

Making it more playable and purposeful
Right now, there is not much difference between the other doll houses, so I think I will make it more playable, so Meggi can play it with her parents.

Create stories about the house, ask her to write it down in a form of a dairy, create something around the house. Digital tools to create digital stories.
