TOOL:
Laser cutter

TECHNIQUE:
Experimenting with recycled materials & complex designs

Description:
-repurpose discarded materials as a new sheet of material to cut with
-utilize myoats.com and tracing to create intricate designs

images

material & instructions:

TO MAKE RECYCLED MATERIAL 
(each step relates to image to the left)
1. gather paper/cardboard
2. shred/cut into small pieces
3. put in food processor, add hot water
4. blend/mix
5. add more water and stir as needed to get the materials mixed
6. use a sieve to drain some water, press to help squish out moisture
7. put onto parchment paper and spread out
8. layer bits of cardboard along the top if wanted (this creates an interesting layered effect with the laser cutter)
9. place another piece of parchment paper on top to roll out (I used a flat cookie sheet to rub it around and even it out)
10. bake at a 200 degrees or so for 2 hours, then let it sit WITH WEIGHT to keep it flat overnight
11. once dry, place on laser cutter to cut. Use default settings for cardboard.*
12. use xacto knife to pop out and trim any edges that need it. voila!

2D DESIGN INSTRUCTIONS:
1.Use myoats.com to create complex symmetric patterns.
2. Use gravit or coreldraw Pen to trace the edges (maybe edge detection software would be more efficient).
3.Save as .cdr, .svg, or .pdf file, and use laser cutter to cut the shapes.
4.Experiment with etching and cutting.
5.Experiment with different materials for cutting (cardboard

links and notes
*Because of the variable nature of this recycled material, be prepared to run a second time if denser/thicker parts need another pass, cracking the screen to turn off the laser for parts that don't need it. DON'T NUDGE THE MATERIAL or the second pass will be off. Also, make use of the ability to reposition the Home of the laser to utilize sections that you'd like to cut.

some of the cardboard on top didn't mix and I didn't want to push my blender anymore.. so I took them out and thought, hey, this could help reinforce the material with one side having a layer of cardboard, and could look prettier than just the uniform gray color it was turning into.

When I cut with the material, I didn't realize but that layer of cardboard was much easier to pop off than the denser blended material below. This could be used to create pretty engraving or inlaid effe

