Parts Of A Cassette Tape

Last week I was in India, living
at my grandparents house which is a goldmine for broken stuff. I stumbled upon a bunch of cassette tapes that I used as a child! And I knew I wanted to do something with it. I started by removing the film out of the cassette players and decided to use the entire cassette and the film to make something.I also found a broken lamp that was just lying around the house and decided to use that with the cassette tapes. I immediately started working on the prototype, tinkering around with the cassettes and its films to make it stand on the lamp base.

Reflection
As I was playing around with the cassette tape, I found myself noticing the amount of plastic used to make one cassette tape, something that I had never observed before. I also started thinking about how Cassette tapes are still used in rural India and are essential for many in third-world countries. These are perhaps the same people who work at factories to assemble an iPhone, known for its innovation in most parts of the world. This is where power starts to play an essential role in defining what innovation is and isn't. Jackson(2014) mentions that innovation is reserved for shiny tools while the repair is relegated to a lower level and comes after innovation is completed. And I agree with him that it is a false representation of innovation, and the maintenance and repair process cannot be separated from innovation. In many third-world countries, people find tools around their environment to repair things exceptionally well, mainly because they cannot afford new items.
Nevertheless, fixing something opens your mind to diverse possibilities and affordances of the object, which you would never have thought of before. For me, a cassette tape connected me to music, and I never thought of it as a decorative piece. Also, when you are learning to repair and repurpose, you already have a set of ideas that you work on, and with continuous tinkering, the objects make more sense. This is not just a sustainable approach, but also the process makes you mindful of the things you are using that you might need to modify based on the material properties for your purpose. There is deeper learning in the process.
As mentioned above, repairing & repurposing is a significant part of my culture, mainly because people still do not have money to splurge on fancy machines. Although the reason for repair is a lack of money, most people from third-world countries are not conscious of sustainability or don't understand it entirely but are "innovating"  through experimentation and tinkering which is quite commendable!